Somewhere in a dark alternate plane, A pit of fire that englulfs the souls filled with sin exists. For eons this place bears the natural habit for those of demonic heritage. 
People of a certain order were brought fourth simply in a divide of those whose souls have been cursed with a malevolent force that binds them to ever halt beyond Heaven. 
In the fires that roam this place there sparkled parts of life in this world that can be seen. In a small hut with a wide flat area around itself, a dark entity begins to 
trail along this area and closes in towards the hut. He enters as he wears this style of a long sleeve shirt, a silver jacket over it and a pink pair of pants.

As he entered through the small door, sounds or small egg cracks are heard from him walking, the room has an array of 
burning torches lit around the corners as a patch of eggs settled around the solid stone ground. This place seems to be some kind of nurturing ground. An egg begins to crack 
open as a pair of eyes emerge from the darkness. 

"Welcome, my friend, to the Land of Blackness, where damned and deviled walk and roam-- here there is only damnation and 
darkness entwine in one land. Some people can't bear this world, but me? I love it here!" 
The dark entity speaks after spitting out black energy that turns into rubbish rags 
that he offers myself while the egg begins to break apart and free the creature from inside, tribal clouthing appear onto the floor from thin air, the eyes inside the egg grew 
increasingly slow and struggled within the egg forming more and more cracks until the creature becomes free.

 A small red imp is what could be compared to the stature of him, upon cracking through the shells it seemed that he grew in a quick haste this creatures evolved fast,
he glared at the crappy rag-- looking towards the dark entity. 

"I saw your birth from beginning to end, your demon parents battled in a great war and spat you out here before they both perished, they rained for many years in supremacy in 
the south borders of the demon realm, however opposing forces grew with greed over the riches and attacked without haste." 
"I knew them a bit, so I guess I should give you a name, I think I'll call you 'Rin' after our great lord! Heh, Maybe you'll be something someday!" 
he tells the small demon who rises from the debris, the imp listen to the deity explain that his parents had perished. Fighting within a endless great war, power struggle 
grows throughout all of the land as there are now 3 great demons who take control over the demon world. 

"You will be able to rule over all of the lands, but you must first prove yourself worthy by slaying a powerful foe." The ancient dark entity continues.

"YAH!" the imp shouts, its voice echoes off the walls of the hut. "I'm ready!" the imp manages to mumble some words to tell the dark entity. 

 -={prologue}=-
"Good! Then let's prepare you for the task ahead..." the dark entity begins to materialize energy in front of him, the energy changes into objects as he 
chants and creates a set of red armor around the small imps body, and hands it a katana. 

"Let's go!" 

The dark entity flies forward, and the imp follows him leaving the hut, he leads the small demon to a great chasm separating the land, with a small bridge across it. 

"We must cross this bridge, however if we fall, we die." the dark entity explains. 

 "What am I going to do at the end of the bridge?" The small demon mumbles out.

"You must fight your opponent at the end of the bridge." the dark entity says.

"Then I want a new weapon, this katana is far too long and heavy for me to wield!" The small demon replies.

"Fine, the rules state that you may change your weapon as you see fit."

"A short blade will do." The imp demands.

"A short blade it is" the dark entity materializes a knife in your hand. 

"May the best demon win!"

The two walk off the bridge and onto the next platform to begin the start of this mission. Entering on a small island, in the middle of a small body of fire. 
Surrounding the island are floating chunks of earth and rock, some already scorched from various fires. A voice booms across the sky, seemingly from all directions at once.

They walk towards the center of the island where there is a ring ready for a battle.
-"Welcome, to the Colosseum. Today, you will fight for your freedom. Today, you will be able to leave this place, if you survive."- 

The demon becomes beckon to go into a defensive stance, a natural born fight is felt within this being as he practices with the short blade awaiting his opponent. 
Even after being born only a few hours ago, he somehow can conjure some form of combat skill from his body. The small imp resembles a dwark-like soldier in the magical fodder armor.

 "Muahah! I can't wait to battle!" The demon spits out to exclaim.

The booming voice returns. "It seems you're ready, let's see how you handle a simple gladiator!"
A large gate appears on the side of the coliseum opens, as a large demon comes out. He's about three times the imp's size, with many sharp teeth, and long talons.

The imp glares towards his opponent. The imp acknowledged that it could tell there would be difficulty in this fight, but fear did not strike it for a second. 
It was if the body was born to fight, the imp walked on his own and started charging. His voice followed as he chanted a battlecry before racing towards the large demon. 

He was excited with bloodlust gripping tightly to his knife. The large demon swings-- hitting towards the imp, its a full power swing. 
There is a crowd that goes wild in the distance as the lava from the core of the planet begins to rise.

The imp takes a deep breath and watches as his attack gets closer, with much force he choose to counter the blow by lashing out at his swing with a deep lash of the knife.
The large demon hisses as it's arm is ripped off as the imp somehow connects its blade with the large demons wrist.

The imp continues his assault as he hurtles himself aiming straight for the demons head. The large demon's face crumbles to the ground as it becomes unhinged from the demons neck,
 which is left gaping and bleeding profusely. The large demon falls to the ground as it howls to the sky, writhing in pain until it's death.
The crowds erupt into cheers as the Imp was announced the winner.

"What happened?" He thinks standing there confused.

A portal appers up on the other side of the island as a green being comes out. "What is this thing?"

The armor and shortblade you have are now gone as the magic fade and the fight is over.

The green being walks up to you and grabs you, as you're lifted into the air by this strange creature.

"What is your name?" it asks.

"Rin" the imp answers as he somehow knew what would suit him.

"I'm Virgil, you did well kid, you may come with me if you wish."

The imp thinks for a moment before nodding. "Within this world you must prove yourself time and time again." Virgil explains,
 
"There are Lords and Generals that you may follow under if you have a goal in becoming stronger."  "Will you follow me?"

"I will." Rin replies without hesitation. "I want to become strong". 

"Good, although I am merely a vassel to one of the Three Lord's that battle for power in the Demon Realm. I am one of the General's of his army." 

Virgil explains, "I shall introduce you to him. Be warned, he is not a kind being."

Rin nods and starts follwing Virgil. As Rin enter's the portal a new world awaits.
A strange sensation overwhelms the imp as Rin finds himself in an empty black room.
Suddenly a pair of eyes appear out from the black wall as a menacing heavy voice speaks 
,"Ah, I see we have new flesh in the nest." the beings says as his voice carries volume to it even within such a small room. 
"I assume you are the one that has been brought to serve under me, swine."
"You assume correctly, my Lord. He is called Rin" Virgil barks.

Rin speaks, "I will serve under you well my Lord!"

-"Ha! So be it... I am your Lord, Typrianos"-
The being known as Lord Typrianos swoops down from the shadows. He is a hulking beast of red scales, horns and claws.
"I am the Demon Lord who fights to claim power in this land. They call me Lord Typrianos, I currently claim a third of the demon realm for myself. 
This demon realm is currently being battled for since the great demon era. Two other demon lords fight to oppose me while the angels watch us fight among the clouds.
The greatest sin of all, is for a demon to fight against another. You, a lowly swine will provide entertainment for me as I fight against the other two in their war games."
The Demon Lord continues to talk as he explains the current situation within the Demon realm. He says that the war has been ongoing for hundreds of years.
"There are beings of light that come here to prevail peace often, one beings that comes often is known to cause chaos in the demon world for someone who is blessed in holy light. 
His name is Shin."
"In order to continue your existence in this world, you must fight for me, you must prove yourself worthy in battle against those who oppose me. 
I will make you stronger, faster and better than any of my other soldiers. I shall give you gifts that will help you during your battles."

Rin pulls himself together as he completely understands the situation the more the Lord speaks, "Okay, anything in particular that you need me to beat up?"

The demon lord laughs as you ask this.
"You will go up against the most foul, disgusting and hated creatures I can find for you to fight. Now tell me, are you ready to begin your first fight?

"I was born ready my Lord." Rin takes his attention to Lord Typrianos.

"Then you will die young." the demon lord states as his grin widens across his face.

He snaps his fingers as the wall behind him opens up. Three creatures walk through, each one different from the last.
"These are some other servants of mine, they shall take you to your next goal. A battle, there is a battle out east from here. It appears I have some subordinates that seem 
to be making deals with the enemy. I need you to confirm this and if so, kill them and the others that inhabit the location." Lord Typrianos says. 
"These three shall lead you as support, they are all fairly weak in strength but cunning and deadly in combat."

The first creature is a tall humanoid covered in blue scales with wings on its back. It holds a long thin blade in its hand, it's eyes dart about as if it sees everything.

The second creature is much larger than you, even when sitting down its head comes up to your chest. It's body is covered in thick hair and it's skin is grey, its face takes on 
a bestial like appearance with a mouth filled with teeth and small little ears. It holds a huge axe in its hands.

The final creature is small, even compared to you. It stands no bigger than a child of ten years, however it sits on four legs rather than two.

The first creature begins to speak ,"Oi, lets get to it then. No need for introductions ,ya?"

The other two simply make loud battle cries as they run forward, the first creature turns to you and nods before following them.
"Come on then!"

Rin is filled with some form of mischievous excitment as he hops to the path as well.
Rin walks alongside the three creatures as they begin to head towards the location. They all seem eager to face the enemy and dash ahead, Rin travels behind them as he's unsure of 
how fast he can move while the first two keep looking behind them to check if he is still there.

Chapter 1.

A group of demon travel onward-
Rin keeps up with all his pacing and strength, steadily, he travels alongside the team.
The creatures seem unimpressed by his speed, suddenly they hear what seems to be the enemy ahead of them.

"They're here master!" one of them says.

"Good, good. You three, go welcome our guests."

A large man wearing a metal skullcap with three smaller warriors walk out from behind the corner.


The first creature gets a glance at the scene trying to figure out where the allies are and what exactly is going on before he begins to speak.
"Three to the front, one to the right and one to the left. Go!"
The third small creature next to Rin jolts into the air at sonic speed towards one of the warriors attempting to bash and ram its body hurdling in mid-air.

They manage to kill two of them before they even get the chance to attack.

The first creature, the tall humanoid, begins to ready his thin sword as he takes one powerful slice and casts a cutting beam that blasts dark blue energy towards the last warrior. 
"Sunnachi!" the warrior cries as he intercepts the beam and blocks it with his own hand.
An energy colliding struggle emits between himself and the beam as he struggles to completely block it before it disappears.
The struggle is short lived as the warrior begins to burn away until he bursts into light.

"Sunnachi!"

The large man with the metal skullcap begin to drop sweat at the sight of the warriors. "S-Shit! We should of swayed these guys instead!" He runs back to the remaining enemies shouting 
orders on retaliating, "Prepare for battle men"!!!

Rin and the creatures just watched as they wanted to await the next step of the remaining forces. 
"So what are you names?" Rin asks 
turning over to the three creatures that have began the fighting.
"Tom." <-3rd Demon
"Mason."<-2nd Demon
"William."<-1st Demon
Rin begins to laugh as he looks over at 'William' the creature with the long thin blade.

Rin speaks, "I guess we should continue the fight then."

"Yeah, we should."
The battle wages on with the three creatures at the front line and Rin assisting them when needed. Rin manages to help fight off the enemies with ease, but the creatures seem to lack a 
finishing blow. You watch as the enemy retreats.
"What now?"

"Leave not a single one unscaved," William says with hostility in his voice, "Go, finish the rest of them off."
Rin glares as the three run ahead towards the enemies to do as they were ordered. Rin watches as the enemies begin to retreat, leaving their comrades dead on the battlefield. 
Rin takes a brief sigh to realize that he won't be able to convince them to join him at all.
Suddenly the so-call allies that came and made a deal have appeared. "What the fuck do you fucks want."
"We want to talk to you about joining us, and making a deal."

Rin says "I have my own lord to follow. You fools will die as traitors here and now!"

"You're under-experienced and naive, kid. I don't even know how the hell you made it this far.

Rin: "I'll show you!"

The Demon bursts into laughter, "You'll show me? Boy, do you see what I'm wearing? Do you see the armor I'm wearing? I've fought wars you haven't even heard about!
 I've taken heads with this sword, I've had dozens of men follow my command, not hundreds of peasants like you. You know what you look like to me?

And then it commenced, Rin jumped with no hesitation charging forward unarmed. His body felt compelled to defy the factor in the matter. 
Rin pulls back his arm and sends a powerful punch towards the traitors.
The punch doesn't even move him, Rin is simply grabbed by the throat with his bare hand and pulled towards him. Rin attempts to scream, but only a muffled yell comes out.

Rin takes counter measures against the grab by sending a kick towards the man's throat.
The man grabs Rin's foot and sends a large kick towards his stomach, causing him to groan as Rin is sent backwards. Rin hit's the ground with a thud as he gasps for air.

Rin starts to think to himself, this battle is very one-sided. He hasn't yet obtain the very skills needed to win. Rin didn't stop moving although losing was the end result towards this duel, 
once recovered back standing, Rin started to snap, Rin felt that even though in this small stature fighting may have been costed by his skill, he could still win somehow. 
Rin starts to channel the energy within to give himself a boost in power. Channeling the energy around to summon the resolve to keep going and fighting beyond the pain.

"You fight well, kid. But you're either gonna have to get a lot stronger, or a whole lot luckier to beat me."

Rin: "How about both?"
The man roars with laughter, "Well then, let's see it."
Rin charges forward, punching the man with all the power inside his might. The man takes the punch and sends one back, knocking Rin straight to the ground. 

Rin groans in pain but begins to push himself up.

Rin begins to summon more aura to appear and begins focusing to push himself, he leaps again to attack flying towards the enemy. He jumps towards him in mid-air and pushes forward energy sending everything
 he had into his fist as a burst of dark red energy morphed around Rin's hands like gauntlets, with one swing, he sends a tremendous shockwave of power directly into the gut of the armored 
traitor. Pushing your energy it penetrates into the armor attempting to send shockwaves directly on the body on the man as they pulsate and break apart the armor with immersive waves of 
shock. The man stands there, clearly unphased by Rin's attack, "Oh you've made this much more interesting." He begins to crack his neck as if preparing for a fight, a large grin on his face.
Suddenly a burst of energy is summoned by the aftermath of Rin's blow, causing a explosive shockwave to come fourth out of the impact.
It pierces through a tree on the other side of the forest, cutting it in half as a large amount of leaves fall from the sky.

Rin stands there shocked, "What... What is this power?" he says.

Virgil begins to laugh, "I knew you had potential, kid. You ready to get serious?"

Rin nods and prepares himself for war...

Rin charged forward once more gaining speed to rush towards the armored demon who was now stunned. He concentrates the energy he has remaining and focuses on putting it into his muscles. 
Rin enters close combat and begin sending powerful blows towards the enemy. Sending a brutal combo, with each hit releasing a crackling sound, much like lighting, Rin finnaly starts 
breaking the armor and sends the traitor flying backwards. Rin continues to advance on the man with his fists glowing red to unleash a flurry of punches on the Demon, 
sending him straight through a tree.

Rin speaks in a joyful tone, "Ha! Did you see that Virgil?"

"Yes, yes I did."

The man jumps out of the debris and stares at Rin with a dark look.

Rin starts to duel the man once more after he returns and delivers finishing blows.
The man fights with demonic energy as he does. Rin struggles to keep up with him, but he is holding his own.
Rin lands a powerful hit on him, sending him sliding back. He attempts to rush forward and capture him, but he is countered with a spell of the demon's own, stopping Rin in his tracks.

Rin attempts to break through the spell by punching with great force.
The blast is strong enough to send Rin stumbling back, but the force also manages to release him from the minor spell. Rin pushes forward, not letting up. Rin punches at the man, 
but he simply moves out of the way and casts a spell to block Rin's next attack.
The two of you stand there, trading blows.

Rin says, "I'm gonna beat you."
The man grins and sends a punch straight at his throat, Rin attempts to dodge but the blow lands square on his chin.
Rin falls backwards and lands with a thud.

Rin comes back up as he spits out blood from the damage. He raises both his fist as he grew in anger, resulting to the resolve to finish this off anyway he had too. 
He sprinted forward once more attempting to bring fourth a volley of attacks.
"You're going to have to do better than that, son." He blocked Rin's first punch by hitting it with his aura enriched hand, then used his momentum to push him off balance.
He blocks the rest of Rin's attacks and with an quick and powerful strike, he hits him in the jaw and sent Rin flying.
Rin started to slide back and push himself up, snarling.

Rin gets back up once more with light red aura flowing around him. He looked and thought that he has already broken through his armor so hitting a weak spot will stop him. 
Rin plans to use his remaining energy and focus it in his right hand.
Rin pounces into closer distance towards him as Rin grinned ,"I may be small, but, my power is immensely strong! Eat THIS!" he shouts while throwing his punch out as the aura around his
began to quake with a mini-shockwave, forming into a great field of running around him shining red. Rin slowly begins flying in the air as the flow of aura begins to wrap, cycling around Rin's
fist as he spun in mid-air charging this form of a melevolant attack at the man. He continues to spiral in mid-air as a powerful red aura begins to grow and form around him.
He can see the man cowering in fear and disbelief at what Rin is doing. The field of energy is enough to destroy an entire small mountain. With this he could easily wipe out a forest, 
if not a small area. Rin feels the power growing as the man looks at him in terror.

Rin sends the destructive attack running through the man and his squad of traitors while laughing at the explosion. Rin sends the attack out with a vicious yell. 
Rin watched as the blast rips through the men, destroying them instantly.

Rin sits there in victory and he collects his thoughts, "I can't believe my power so far. Yet I have a long way before I even reach the tip of Virgil's strength, I can tell somehow."
The blast had wracked through the entire mountainside, explosion ripping through and destroying everything in its path. The entire mountain side had been ripped and torn as a large 
portion of it collapse into the void below.

After taking in the moment..
Rin returns to regroup to William and the others after taking care of his end.

They appear back into the central room of the temple.
Rin quickly looks around and sees the others looking at him in surprise.
"Well that was fast," William said.
"Where's the rest of them?"

Rin says "I killed off the remaining traitors! Turns out they were weak and cowardly."
"What about Vanstrom?"


Rin says "Who's Vanstrom?"

"A spiny tailed demon, he is the one that is capable of creating other demons. If he remains then the rest will eventually return or others will take their place." Mason explains.

"No, he must of split off before we encountered."

"Then let's go kill him, lads!" One Demon shouts.

A loud cries of pain is heard echoing through the halls. The group looks around in surprise.

"What was that?" one of the demons ask.

"Sounds like it's coming from the stables."
The group enters the hallway leading to the stables. They look around as they draw their weapons. They see one of the doors open slightly.

"Who's there?" a voice shouts out.

William points at himself, "William Ironside, warrior of God! Who are you?

"I'm Roger, servant of the Temple and it's Master!"

William nods to himself and motions to the others to stay put. He heads down the hall towards the open door. Rin follows behind him.
"What are you doing here?" William shouts as Run rushed to catch up with him.
Master Roger explains the situation. Moments later Rin reaches the stable doors. The group opens them up and are nearly deafened by the chorus of neighs, 
whinnies and whines that come from within. The beast are in a panic. "What the hell?" one of the demons shouts.
Rin enters the room, looking around.
Roger explains that a man that looks like Vanstrom was seen breaking through the temple in attempts to hide from us. He must have brought the demonic hordes with him too.
"I can't believe it, I had a feeling about him from the start."

Mason says "We should find him, fast."
"We can't split the group up", William says.
"If he is creating more demons, we need to stop him before he destroys us.
The group searches around for tracks or clues.
"There," Rin points to a set of hoofprints leading off to the East.
"Let's move out men!" William calls out.
Rin quickens his pace following the tracks.
William uses his navigational prowls to pin point the route to tail the group. It seems to only take seconds before Rin advances.
The path takes them along a ridge where they're able to look out over the forest and the plains.

Rin says "So, uh, William. What kind of person does Virgil seem to be?"
"He's a man of faith, loyal and courageous. Why do you ask?"
"No reason, I was just wondering what he was like. I mean, I wanna know about him and our Lord, they seem to know a lot about this land. I feel proud for joining this pack."
William nods, "Indeed, they are great leaders."
Rin grunts in agreement. William looks at Rin.
Mason picks a scent up as he sniffs out something, "Hey guys hold up." They all stop and look where he indicated. Mason walks over to a tree and sniffs at it.
"It's a shoe print, it's recent too."
Rin also kneels down and sniffs it.

Rin quickly picks up a trail as the group runs towards the tracks.
They all quickly split up, finding a path leading off in different direction, Rin picks up the pace and decides to follow the tracks. He jumps over a few rocks and 
through some bushes before he comes across a clearing. He slows down and notices that the tracks stop.
"Aww, not again," Mason complains as he catches up with Rin.
Tom snarls, "Can't one of you sense them?"
"I can, but it's difficult with so many dead scents messing with the trail," Mason replies.
"We are not going to find them."
"Maybe we just need to keep going, we're bound to find something."
They all agree continuing onwards into the forest.

Rin starts to scan for sights of anyone around.
As he walks through the trees, Mason and William seem to have picked up the trail again. They quicken the motion the group paces as they follow something. 
Rin loses sight of them as they quicken their pace. He begins to hear voices up ahead as he speeds up to meet them.

He is now at the front of the pack, leading the way as everyone arrives at a river.
Mason screeches,"I can smell Vanstrom way more now, I think we've caught up to the stinky bastard."
"Let's follow the river, it should lead right to him," William suggests.
Rin begins to walk along the river, looking out for any signs of Vanstrom or his demons.
"We have to be close," Mason says.
"Yeah, I can smell one of those abominations somewhere down this way," William replies.
"Let's just assume we're close and go from there."
The group all agree and begin to look out for any signs of demons, they walk for at least an hour before they notice something on a tree. 
It's way up high, nearly impossible to make out from this height, but they can just about see that it's a set of horns. Everyone notices it now as Rin begins to charge towards it.

Rin quickly dives forward and kick straight at the tree.
Rin makes contact with the tree, and it begins to fall. But so does Rin, right into the river below as the tree splashes into the water sending him right over with it.
Hidden within the tree, a demon is dropped into the water also. Rin is barely above the water level sitting there in shock, 
but the others were smart and dove into the water before the tree hit sending them off the cliff. (The tree was against a cliff that rin hit)

Tom and the other quickly assaulted whatever fell off the tree and toke it out from the water. Rin swims to the surface as William and Mason look down at a badly deformed demon. 
It's face is squished and misshapen as it gasps for air, letting out loud pained noises.

 "So is this Vanstrom?" Rin asks,

"It must be, it's the only one who has gone missing," Mason says.

"Hey somebody bag him will ya? He needs to be taken back to the lord for his punishment." Tom says.

They all looked at each other before William says, "I'll do it." He says as he leans over and picks up the demon. It let's out a pained screech.

Rin says "Well that was fun for my first real mission!"

William laughs as Tom asks, "Does anyone know the way back?"

"I've got a good sense of direction," Mason says.

"Yeah me too," Virgil chimes in.

Virgil appears from behind the crew as he glides himself to the ground. "Yo, good job on catching Vanstrom and killing the other traitors. I'll take it from here."

"Yes sir," Mason says.

Virgil begins to walk away, with Vanstrom over his shoulder. 

Rin says "Hmm, so what now guys?"

"We go home?" Mason says.

"Ah fuck that, we deserve a break after all this."

"Then what do you suggest Will?"

"Let's get shitfaced!"
Before they know it, Will takes everyone to some local demon bar. "I'll buy you guys drink, pretty sure Rin's broke anyways."

"Hey fuck off!.. What kind of drinks?," Rin says.

"I'll have a beer, and a glass of white wine, please," Mason says to the bartender.

The bartender brings over your drinks, giving you all the bill.

Rin grabs his cup not knowing of what could be inside, he takes a drink with the group as he settles in near the counter of the bar.
He reaches the drink to his lips letting it flow across your tongue. It's not quite what he expected, it's something far more delicious.

Rin says "Woah, this stuff is amazing~ *Hic*"
Just then, he begins to feel light-headed. The room spun as the noises around him began to fade into the background. He reaches his arm out to Mason, who grabs it and stands him up.

"Ha ha, hey Will this guy here can sure take a pint!" Mason says talking about Rin as he seems pretty shitfaced.

"Yeah, I know, he has no tolerance..." Rin hears William speak as everything goes black.

-A few hours pass.-

Rin wakes up, the events of last night came flooding back to him.

Rin says "Hmm, drinking is fun!"
-{End of Chapter 1}-
